[Docs] Fix broken external links (#16493)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/00_Overview/README.md

## ANY Channel / ANY Process
As Pimcore is a platform that stores data independently from the channel, it can provide the managed data to any channel – simple 

> websites (B2B, B2C), commerce-systems ([integrated](https://github.com/pimcore/ecommerce-framework-bundle/blob/1.x/README.md) and/or third party), mobile apps, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
websites (B2B, B2C), commerce-systems ([integrated](https://pimcore.com/docs/platform/Ecommerce_Framework/) and/or third party), mobile apps, 
```
